something that I did that got a lot of press and actually made it back
into my even my hometown newspaper was when I was a marine mammal when
I was a marine mammal handler and were deployed the ball rain using
the dolphins there, the U. S. So you know, they come in with celebrities
all the time to do visits on base, and somehow they got win
that there were Navy dolphins. They're in the area that we're trained
to find enemies, swimmers and divers. And so they ended up setting
up a meet and greet, um with some of the people that they brought
through from the U. S. So so one of those individuals happen to be Ben
Affleck who came down, and I basically showed him the dolphins that
we worked with. I let him throw some fish to the Dolphins and actually
do a couple of tricks. And, uh, there was a picture that was taken
of Ben Affleck kind of kneeling down next to me is I'm handling
this dolphin in front of them, and that got kind of distributed out
to the Associated Press and was then, like, kind of published worldwide.
on many newspapers from California all the way to Florida To the
where, you know, even my hometown newspaper in ST Pete had it there
on one of the pages. San Diego had it. And there was other places
that I was getting phone calls from friends and family around the country.
That was like, Hey, I saw you in our paper here, so Ah, that
was kind of Ah, fun, unique experience. And I ended up saving, like,
a clip of that paper, and I still have it somewhere in a file or folder.
But yeah, that was kind of a neat experience.